User facing documentation for Logstash on ECK (#6585)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/advanced-topics/stack-monitoring.asciidoc

= Stack Monitoring

You can enable link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/monitor-elasticsearch-cluster.html[Stack Monitoring]
on Elasticsearch, Kibana, Beats and Logstash to collect and ship their metrics and logs to a dedicated monitoring cluster.

> To enable Stack Monitoring, simply reference the monitoring Elasticsearch cluster in the `spec.monitoring` section of their specification.

Reviewer: need to mention Logstash in ECK support Stack Monitoring since 8.7.0

      elasticsearchRefs:
      - name: monitoring
        namespace: observability <3>
---
apiVersion: logstash.k8s.elastic.co/v1beta1
kind: Logstash
metadata:
    name: monitored-sample
spec:
  version: {version}
  monitoring:
    metrics:
      elasticsearchRefs:
      - name: monitoring
        namespace: observability <4>
    logs:
      elasticsearchRefs:
      - name: monitoring
        namespace: observability <4>
----

> <1> The use of `namespace` is optional if the monitoring Elasticsearch cluster and the monitored Elasticsearch cluster are running in the same namespace.
> <2> The use of `namespace` is optional if the Elasticsearch cluster and the Kibana instance are running in the same namespace.
> <3> The use of `namespace` is optional if the Elasticsearch cluster and the Beats instance are running in the same namespace.
> <4> The use of `namespace` is optional if the Elasticsearch cluster and the Logstash instances are running in the same namespace.

Reviewer 2: What do you think about keeping one note with this wording? 
```suggestion
<1> The use of `namespace` is optional if the monitoring Elasticsearch cluster and the monitored Elastic Stack resource are running in the same namespace.
```
